README.md, before:

# Final Project - ICS 325
# TEAM DOLPHIN  🐬

This repository contains the current working version of our group project.
Nearly all of FP3 is done (few tweaks need to be made to be 100% but almost there).
Also about halfway done with FP4 (due 7/17/25), we'll finish it this week before we meet for class on Thursday, July 17.

## 📥 Download Instructions

1. Click the green **"Code"** button at the top of this page.
2. Select **"Download ZIP"**.
3. Unzip the file and open the folder in your preferred editor (e.g., VS Code or XAMPP's `htdocs` folder).

## ⚙️ What’s Included

- All updated PHP, HTML, CSS, JS, and database files
- Updated SQL DB file (abcd_db) - database includes a full 
- Fully working version (through nearly all of FP3) as of **July 14**
- Image files located in images/celebrations for celebrations listed in 'celebrations_tbl'

## 💡 Notes

- No need to push changes yet. We'll sync up on version control later.
- If you have questions about any of this, please reach out to me (Andrew)

Commit message:

Initial project sync: all files synced - July 16

README.md, after:

# Final Project - ICS 325
# TEAM DOLPHIN  🐬

## ALL FILES HAVE BEEN RE-COMMITED ON JULY 16
## ALL FILES ARE NOW INCLUDED, SO WE ARE ALL WORKING OFF THE SAME
## DATA FROM THIS POINT ON

# Note for on/after July 16: I have included all files including 'db_configuration.php'
#	as this was an oversight on my part when I first pushed the files to GitHub.
#	Now, there should be no issues with using these files on your systems._

This repository contains the current working version of our group project.
Nearly all of FP3 is done (few tweaks need to be made to be 100% but almost there).
Also about halfway done with FP4 (due 7/17/25), we'll finish it this week before we meet for class on Thursday, July 17.

## 📥 Download Instructions

1. Click the green **"Code"** button at the top of this page.
2. Select **"Download ZIP"**.
3. Unzip the file and open the folder in your ../XAMPP/xamppfiles/htdocs/ folder
4. Open folder in your preferred editor (e.g., VS Code or XAMPP's `htdocs` folder).

## ⚙️ What’s Included

- All updated PHP, HTML, CSS, JS, and database files (and configuration files)
- Updated SQL DB file (abcd_db) - database includes a full 
- Fully working version (through nearly all of FP3) as of **July 14**
- Image files located in images/celebrations for celebrations listed in 'celebrations_tbl'

## 💡 Notes

- No need to push changes yet. We'll sync up on version control later.
- If you have questions about any of this, please reach out to me (Andrew)
